Update technical.md (#197)
stacksgov/sips: considerations/technical.md

**0xdima**: Building SatScreener, a Bitcoin L1/L2 analytics platform with real time data for traders. Co-Founder of the Stx-20 protocol, an on-chain metaprotocol for inscriptions on stacks.

> **Setzeus**: Setzeus is the founder of StrataLabs, a Bitcoin studio that consults L1 & L2s (such as Stacks) / launched a Bitcoin development environment (BitScript). Through his work at TrustMachines he's been hacking away on sBTC & is eager to continue contributing to the Stacks community in anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Setzeus**: Setzeus is the founder of StrataLabs, a Bitcoin studio that consults L1 & L2s (such as Stacks) / launched a Bitcoin development environment (BitScript). Through his work at TrustMachines he's been hacking away on sBTC & is eager to continue contributing to the Stacks community in any way.
```
